## 1. Create a Draft for Review

Before you can create a draft discharge you need to know the order ID of the most recent filing in the filing's history. This can be the original registration if no maintenance filings have been completed, or the most recent renewal filing, or the most recent amendment filing. At the time of this writing (July 14, 2025) we do not support discharging by order group ID but it is a feature in the road map.

__If you do not know the order ID of the most recent order in the filing's history__, you can search the system by using the GET orders endpoint with some query string parameters based on what you know about the registration.

```
GET {root}/api/v1/Orders
```

The most helpful query string parameters for the purpose of narrowing down the orders query would be

```
referenceNumber
registrationNumber
orderGroupID
```

Note that the above is not an exhaustive list of options for query string parameters, please see the swagger docs for all possible options.

Once you have found the relevant order(s), you'll need to find the most recent. The best way to do this is to pull the order group ID out of one of the orders you've found:

```
{
  ...
  "orderGroup": {
          "id": "518b4d44-1749-4291-5c6b-08ddbf14f287",
          "lastOrderType": "Lien"
      }
  ...
}
```

With the order group ID you can perform the query:

```
GET {root}/api/v1/Orders?orderGroupID={orderGroupID}
```

This will return a list of orders in descending order. You can use the order ID of last order (index n-1) in the returned list to discharge.

Now that you know the order ID to use for the discharge (or if it was tracked internally and you already knew, you could have skipped the above steps), we are ready to create our discharge order. Begin by sending a POST request to the following endpoint:

```
POST {root}/api/v1/Orders/Discharges
```

With a request body in the following format:

```
{
  "referenceNumber": string,
  "originalOrderID": string
  "discharge": {
    "dischargeType": integer | string (enumeraged)
  }
}
```

Where original order ID is the order ID of the last order in series (the one we went to all the trouble of finding above). The "dischargeType" field is only used in Quebec, and you should ask and receive guidance from your business team/project manager on what value to pass for that. See the [values file](https://github.com/Reg-Hub/API/blob/main/PPSA%20Discharges/Values.md) for all options. Also note the absence of jurisdiction and country. These values are inferred from the filing you are discharging.

A successful order draft creation response will look like the following example:

```
HTTP/1.1 201 Created
Content-Type: application/json; charset=utf-8
Location: {root}/api/v1/Orders/491744ca-9f3e-4eb7-65f8-08ddc1670f44

{
    "resource": {
        "id": "491744ca-9f3e-4eb7-65f8-08ddc1670f44",
        "referenceNumber": "your_reference_number",
        "jurisdiction": "BC",
        "country": "CA",
        "orderGroup": {
            "id": "518b4d44-1749-4291-5c6b-08ddbf14f287",
            "lastOrderType": "Discharge"
        },
        "orderTypeID": "Discharge",
        "orderStatusTypeID": "Draft",
        "dateRequested": "2025-07-14T15:41:58.7489621+00:00",
        "discharge": {
            "dischargeNumber": null,
            "dischargeDate": null,
            "dischargeType": null
        }
    },
    "validation": {
        "errors": [],
        "warnings": [],
        "notices": []
    }
}
```

Note that not all headers in the response have been provided in the above example as most are irrelevant for the purposes of this guide. Also note that some fields from the response body have been ommitted as they are irrelevant for the purposes of this guide.

Note that the "validations" section contains multiple empty arrays. Validation will be handled in the following section 2.

Once you have created your draft, [it is ready for review and submission](https://github.com/Reg-Hub/API/blob/main/PPSA%20Discharges/2.%20Correct%20Any%20Validation%20Issues.md).
