## 3. Submit Order and Wait for Results

Once your order no longer has entries in the errors array, it is ready for submission. This is a very simple operation:

```
POST {root}/api/v1/Orders/UltimateBeneficialOwnershipReports/{orderID}/Submit
```

Simply send a POST request to the above endpoints with any or no request body. The expected response for success is 204 No Content with no response body.

Once your order is submitted it will be in the state "AwaitingExternalInformation". It may fall into a number of other states (notably "Exception") at which point our operations team will intervene in that order in a production environment (note this likely will not happen in testing environments). __You may treat any state that is not "Complete" as "I am still waiting for the order to complete."__ In order to get the current order status, we provided two methods.

### Callback

We do offer callback functionality, but that is beyond the scope of this guide. Please reach out to our team directly if you wish to pursue this route.

### Waiting and Polling

__This is not the recommended method for this order type as it may take many hours or several days for an attestor to actually complete the attestation form on their own time. We strongly recommend reaching out to us to get a callback set up. However, if you do not have the capability to consume webhooks/callbacks you can still poll for the order's status, discussed below.__

The recommended endpoint to poll for an order's status is

```
GET {root}/api/v1/Orders/{orderID}/Status
```

which will return a response like so:

```
HTTP/1.1 200 OK
Content-Type: application/json; charset=utf-8

{
  "status": "AwaitingExternalInformation"
}
```

We would ask that you kindly not poll aggressively for this order type. Intervals in the range of 15-60 minutes would be appropriate.

Once you have found that your order is complete either through callbacks (again, recommended to use this method) or by polling, you may [retreive your hub report.](https://github.com/Reg-Hub/API/blob/main/UBO/4.%20Retrieve%20Hub%20Report.md)
