## Recursion

Once you have identified the shareholders of the business (conducting steps 1 through 4 on the business), you may find that one or more of the shareholders is itself a business. For the purposes of this guide, we will identify the business you original conducted the UBO order for as "Business A". You may be required (depending on your business requirements and/or the percentage of the original business the new business shareholder owns) to identify the shareholders of this business shareholder, identified as "Business B". You may then find that Business B also has business shareholders "Business C" and "Business D". This could occur to N levels of a tree. 

For each business shareholder you are required to identify the shareholders of, this requires at minimum a business report and an Ultimate Beneficial Ownership order. You may be required by your business requirements to investigate up until a certain percentage of the ultimate beneficial ownership is known, up to a certain level of the UBO tree, or until all shareholders at all levels are known. RegHub does not force you to investigate until any level; it is up to your business team to decide how far down the tree you should go.

Recurring down the tree into business shareholders is the exact same steps as steps 1 to 4 in this guide, with one exception - you must pass the ID of a business report to link the new business report/UBO to. For example, if I need to conduct the business report/UBO on Business B mentioned above, when I create the business report order I must pass in the originalOrderID field the order ID of the business report for Business A. So if the order ID of the business report for Business A was "123", my POST request to create a draft business report for Business B would look like so:

```
POST {root}/api/v1/Orders/BusinessReports
{
  "referenceNumber": "string",
  "originalOrderID": "123,
  "jurisdiction": "NB",
  "country": "CA",
  "businessReportCriteria": {
    "number": "business_number_for_business_b",
    "businessName": "Business B"
  }
}
```

Once you have this busines report completed, you can repeat exactly steps 1 through 4 of this guide.

### Notes on Results in UBO Trees with Recursion

For any given UBO tree, there is one and only one hub report. This hub report is updated any time any order in the UBO tree is completed. See step 4 for information on retreiving results.
